Privacy Policy

Anaahatas Wellness Pvt.Ltd is the licensed owner of the Application OneRehab 24/7. Anaahatas Wellness respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy provides succinctly the manner your data is collected and used by Anahaatas on the Site. As a visitor to the App/ Customer you are advised to please read the Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing the services provided by the App you agree to the collection and use of your data by AWPL in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy.

What information is, or maybe, collected from you?

As part of the registration process on the App, AWPL may collect the following personally identifiable information about you: Name including first and last name, alternate email address, mobile phone number and contact details, Postal code, Demographic profile (like your age, gender, occupation, education, address etc.) and information about the pages on the App you visit/access, the links you click on the App, the number of times you access the page and any such browsing information.

How do we collect the Information?

AWPL will collect personally identifiable information about you only as part of a voluntary registration process, on-line survey or any combination thereof. The App may contain links to other Apps. AWPL is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Apps which it does not own, manage or control. The App and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie and Facebook Pixel) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to the App. Google and Facebook login credentials are authenticated by Google and Facebook respectively, and we do not store these details, but only collect the name and email id for further registering the visitor on our App.

How is the information used?

AWPL will use your personal information to provide personalized features to you on the App and to provide for promotional offers to you through the App and other channels. AWPL will also provide this information to its business associates and partners to get in touch with you when necessary to provide the services requested by you. AWPL will use this information to preserve transaction history as governed by existing law or policy. AWPL may also use contact information internally to direct its efforts for product improvement, to contact you as a survey respondent, to notify you if you win any contest; and to send you promotional materials from its contest sponsors or advertisers. AWPL will also use this information to serve various promotional and advertising materials to you via display advertisements through the Google Ad network on third party Apps. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Preferences Manager. Information about Customers on an aggregate (excluding any information that may identify you specifically) covering Customer transaction data and Customer demographic and location data may be provided to partners of AWPL for the purpose of creating additional features on the App, creating appropriate merchandising or creating new products and services and conducting marketing research and statistical analysis of customer behaviour and transactions.

With whom your information will be shared

AWPL will not use your financial information for any purpose other than to complete a transaction with you. AWPL does not rent, sell or share your personal information and will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information to third parties. In cases where it has your permission to provide products or services, you've requested and such information is necessary to provide these products or services with the information may be shared with AWPL’s business associates and partners. AWPL may, however, share consumer information on an aggregate with its partners or third parties where it deems necessary. In addition, AWPL may use this information for promotional offers, to help investigate, prevent or take action regarding unlawful and illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threat to the safety or security of any person, violations of the App’s terms of use or to defend against legal claims; special circumstances such as compliance with subpoenas, court orders, requests/order from legal authorities or law enforcement agencies requiring such disclosure.

What choices are available to you regarding the collection, use and distribution of your information?

To protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under its control, AWPL has in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures. For example, SAPL servers are accessible only to authorized personnel and your information is shared with employees and authorised personnel on a need to know basis to complete the transaction and to provide the services requested by you. Although AWPL will endeavour to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. By using this App, you agree that AWPL will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.

How can you correct inaccuracies in the information?

To correct or update any information you have provided, the App allows you to do it online. In the event of loss of access details, you can send an email to: anaahatas@gmail.com

Data deletion

If a customer requests for all their data to be deleted from our system, via an email request, we shall do so. We do not store Google or Facebook login credentials, only the name and email is collected upon logging in from these Social media. We do not store any payment information in our system, and all online payments are handled by our Payment gateway.

Policy updates

AWPL reserves the right to change or update this policy at any time. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting to the App.

Contact Information:
Anaahatas Wellness Pvt.Ltd
The C21 Corporate Zone, 202, Second Floor Capital Mall 
Hoshangabad Rd, Misrod, Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh 462046

8800917153